Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
I'm Chris.
I'm a student that Chris through JNP college and I'm here to do this interview that Joel is taking.
So, yeah, my name is Joel.
I'm from Christ University, MCAP section.
And I'm going to interview you about the software requirements gathering for our software that we're developing.
So first, I'll ask you some questions about you as a stakeholder, since you are a student, but to ask questions relating to you as a student.
So the first question is, what role do you play in the university's academic system, such as, are you an undergraduate student or postgraduate? I'm a postgraduate student.
That's a really great question.
How do you currently access course materials and academic resources for your college? My college uses this learning resource system called the LMS, the learning management system.
On this day store all the PDFs and PowerPoint and other material pertaining to our courses.
If I want something, I just go there.
Okay.
Any other specific online platforms that you use for your studies? Just the LMS and sometimes I use chat with DT or any other I bought, like Gemini or whatever.
Do you contact professors for academic support or questions? Or maybe even your peers? Mostly my parents if it's a situation is extremely dire and I really need help and if this is something only my teachers and no I would contact them but most of the time I contact my parents.
How do you receive updates about class schedules, exams and assignments? We have dedicated WhatsApp groups for all these sorts of things.
So they usually tell us on them and apart from that, they also email us and yeah, that's about it.
Do you collaborate with classmates on new projects for discussions? Or even just regular assignments, do you discuss them with your classmates? Yes, I do a lot.
I haven't made a project with any of my sons, but that's just me along my classmates have actually made projects with other people.
I did it so long for reasons but yeah, in the future, I would definitely collaborate with a classmate of mine.
Yeah.
So would you use some kind of an online platform to question and facilitate these discussions? I'd allow you to come together.
It'd be nice to use something that would make the whole process more convenient.
Yeah.
OK.
them.
Are there any administrator staffs or departments you interact with for academic purposes? Yeah, I do interact with my teachers.
Sometimes like I mentioned before, like if like, for instance, if the test is like the very next day, I'm not sure whether this thing is included in the syllabus.
Sometimes I text my teacher.
Whether they'll reply is a different question like I text them anywhere.
How do you provide feedback about courses or instructors? At the end of our semester, like all of this thing where they give us this question at That's more like a feedback form and you have to fill that and rate all of our teachers based on their performance or like whether or not they covered all the material, whether their class is engaging, how they implemented technologies like the LMS and anything else, any tools into the classes and based on that you give them a score and if we do this every semester or every year actually and every semester every semester.
Okay.
Are there challenges in interacting with the teachers when your message comes up for that help? I can mention before some, well I didn't mention this but sometimes the teachers they don't reply which which is understandable, they might be busy, and they probably won't be available at the auto, is that the site messaged them at.
Sometimes they don't reply.
Some teachers do some don't, and I don't hold it against them.
Okay.
And how do you access library resources or research databases for your studies? I think a good place to go through for that is Google scholar.
They have to pay much anything.
If I want something more local, I can visit my college's library.
They have one physical library, and then if not that, I can go to the elements for those three sources.
Is there no online platform where you can get books, like e-books and stuff, provided by your library? There isn't actually not.
You can go and borrow books from the library, there's no way to do that online or to get ebooks.
No, this would that be of interest to you a way to get books, ebooks, access like online libraries and stuff.
Sure, yeah, that'd be nice.
Okay, so now I'll ask questions relating to the data that's being collected by our system that we are developing.
So first, what kind of performance data results would you like to see after completing quizzes or tests or any kind of assignment on a platform? Like once you submit an assignment or a test, what would you like to see as the result? But maybe after completing the assignment, if it's like a quiz, I'd like to see what answers I got right, what I got wrong.
I would like to know if I got the answer wrong, what was wrong with that answer, and an explanation of what the correct answer would be.
And for more complicated assignments, I don't know what they would do, but I mean, on the spot, I can't think of anything other than like posting the correct thing.
And people would exploit that, I don't know.
OK.
So what details about your progress in any course, like the time spent on that course or the completion status, should the system track and display? Nothing should display how many units or how many chapters are completed, how many are left.
And of course, the overall percentage the time I spend and maybe like an approximation of the total time I would take to do that course, something like that and maybe even like if if this is possible something like the average time taken by a student to complete this course to give you an idea of how long you'll take.
Okay, would you like to see forum discussions or Q&A sessions for any particular course on the on the platform personally I don't think forum or like discussion sections have been implemented properly in any kind of learning interface not even in my own colleges I I don't see it being of much use but if you could find a way to make it useful and yeah it'll make great but first you don't think it's that cool to have.
Okay.
What features would you need to easily search for and sort courses and resources for files? Maybe like a filter, filter things by your or by like that, a degree by subject etc and then Yeah, I can't think of anything else.
Yeah, something like that.
Okay, would you like to see notifications from the platform like remind us about assignments or course updates and how would you like to see them through email SMS any other way? I feel like you probably would miss an email or an SMS.
If you had an app, then the app would give you notifications, but then you'd have to make an app or something.
The notifications would be handy, because you'd end up forgetting things and completing quizzes all the time.
But they only work naturally if you have an app and the app gives you notifications.
And with email, we tend to use a lot of email accounts.
So stuff like that might get lost or you might not notice it among a lot of other email alerts.
And as far as the messages, I could say the same thing.
Just wait for my messages.
Yeah, I think if there was an app, the notifications would be handy.
And you wouldn't really get much use of it if it came from an email or an SMS.
Should the system provide you with post recommendations or learning paths based on your progress or based on like the courses you have completed recently.
Recommendations of similar courses.
Things like that.
Did the system provide you with course recommendations based on similar courses you have completed previously? Yeah, that would make your learning process a lot more intuitive and easier.
Yeah, that'd be nice.
When you complete a course, what kind of information should be generated by the system? What kind of information would you like to see after completing a course? And would you like to get a certificate for courses? I think a certificate is necessary when you come from the course like that because it's with proof you did that course and it's something you could probably put on your resume if the things you're getting it from was good enough, but from that, I think you should also be able to see the amount of time you spent doing this course, when you've taken the complete this course, and the dates when you started this course, when you ended it, and yeah, that's, that's pretty much it.
Maybe also an average of the scores you've got in every single assignment in the course something for information.
Yeah.
Okay.
If you're getting a certificate, would you like a way for people to verify the certificate somehow using like a certificate ID? Probably very essential.
Yeah.
I think I thought that certificate is kind of useless.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
And would you like to be able to give feedback on courses? Yeah, if I think a course is a bit too long out of materials, it will be too hard for what the course is aiming to be.
I'd like to be able to say that, yeah, feedback will be a very useful feature.
Okay.
So that concludes our interview.
you.
Thank you for spending your time and thanks.
It was nice talking to you.
